update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-upload-files-to-binary-column-in-edit-mode: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to upload files and save them to a binary column in edit mode
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t285123/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to create a binary column's edit item template and add an upload control to the template to upload files in edit mode. A user can also delete uploaded files after after they are uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to create a binary column's edit item template and add an upload control to the template to upload files in edit mode. A user can also delete uploaded files after they are uploaded.
```

    if (e.callbackData !== "") {
        lblFileName.SetText(e.callbackData);
        btnDeleteFile.SetVisible(true);
    }
}
```

To update data in the grid, handle the grid's server-side [RowUpdating](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridView.RowUpdating) event. In the handler, use the [NewValues](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.Data.ASPxDataUpdatingEventArgs.NewValues) argument property to assign the uploaded file's content from the session to the binary column. To update the data source, handle its [Updating](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.web.ui.webcontrols.sqldatasource.updating?view=netframework-4.8) event.

```cs
protected void ASPxGridView1_RowUpdating(object sender, DevExpress.Web.Data.ASPxDataUpdatingEventArgs e) {
    if (Session[SessionKey] != null)
        e.NewValues["Picture"] = Session[SessionKey];
    DeleteUploadedFileFormSession();
    // ...
}

protected void SqlDataSource1_Updating(object sender, System.Web.UI.WebControls.SqlDataSourceCommandEventArgs e) {
    SqlParameter sqlVarBinaryParameter = (SqlParameter)e.Command.Parameters[0];
    sqlVarBinaryParameter.SqlDbType = SqlDbType.VarBinary;
}
```

> When a user clicks the **Delete** button, the callback control sends a callback to the server and passes the uploaded file's name to the server. On the server, handle the callback control's `Callback` event to delete the file's data from the current session. To complete the delete operation on the client, handle the callback control's `CallbackComplete` event. In the handler, clear the label's text and hide the **Delete** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user clicks the **Delete** button, the callback control sends a callback to the server and passes the uploaded file's name to the server. On the server, handle the callback control's `Callback` event to delete file data from the current session. To complete the delete operation on the client, handle the callback control's `CallbackComplete` event. In the handler, clear label text and hide the **Delete** button.
```
